First of all, I am an intelligent and discliplined worker in all that I do, whether in education or employment. In my GCSE and A Level exams, I excelled across a range of subjects, achieving excellent results across the board through independent hard work alongside my diligence in classes. Even outside of mere preparation for examinations, I always try to go the extra mile in everything I do, getting involved more deeply and learning as much as posible. Alongside my A2 work in politics, I applied and was selected to attend the annual Dicey Conference at Trinity College, Oxford, giving me the chance to debate political issues with the brightest politics students in the country. At my sixth form college, I organised a "Question Time" style event running alongside 2010's General Election, getting the chance to meet and speak with local prospective parliamentary candidates.

I also am very much a self-starter. I have long enjoyed reading further into my academic subjects. I have also always sought to take employment in my spare time outside of school, college and university with a view to making the best use of my time and broadening my horizons.

In my current role working full-time in a technology startup, GoCardless, I solely take responsibility for customer service, not just providing day-to-day help to customers, but also critically analysing and optimising the processes involved to increase the quality of my output and passing feedback I collect onto the rest of the team. I take great pride in my work both independent and as part of a larger team.