Secondly, I have a deep and long-held love for what I want to study which spurs me on and inspires me to want to take it further and to work as hard as I can. I have been interested in politics for many years, but a defining moment when I first really engaged was when I was 11, when in my first few weeks at secondary school I made a speech to nearly 1000 people representing the Labour Party. Little did I know then that my passion would last, with me doing the same thing again at the age of 18 in my final year.

Politics for me is such an important subject because it affects our lives in so many ways. No matter what we do, where we live and what we aspire to, political decisions have an important impact - it is simply not true that politics is irrelevant. In my spare time, I am studying a course on digital democracy from University of Michigan, and my reading of texts on the political systems of Europe and further beyond is greatly broadening my knowledge.

I am also captivated by philosophy, which is so intruiging since it seeks to answer questions which are simply so fundamental to the human experience, such as those around morality or the existence of a Creator. Developing an understanding of philosophy and particularly the intellectual skills which this fosters is of great interest to me. The study of philosophy is also extremely relevant to my religious beliefs, with the questions and debates challenging my Christian faith and encouraging me to think more deeply. A prime example of this is Plato's disection of the concept of piety in "Euthyphro", which has encouraged me to consider more the foundations of morality and the nature of my God.