Finally, I have life and work experience which has allowed me to see what I can gain from university and how I can hope to do this. There are three goals in my desire to get to university: for one, I want to gain academic knowledge of my field. Secondly, I wish to hone and gain transferable skills such as the ability to research fully and present arguments clearly and effectively. Thirdly, I want to study alongside other engaged and passionnate people with whom I can develop my opinions and debate.

In September 2011, I began studying European Social and Political Studies at University College London, but I did not find the course sufficiently challenging and inspiring to hold me to it. My primary motivation for undergraduate study is to learn as much as I can in the formal sense, but the structure of the course looking at so many different areas in only a trivial sense did not allow me to do this. I also found that my fellow students did not seem to share my passion and dedication to hard independent working, meaning there were few people with whom I could debate and discussed what I had learnt.

In February of this year, I decided to leave and take up an exciting job in a technology startup working in finance, satisfying a desire I had to at some point work in a technology company. My experience alongside my colleagues who attended the country's top universities has shown me that what I seek is available at university, and my leading role in work has reaffirmed my belief in the power of hard work, leaving me looking forward to the challenge of academia where I will be able to further develop.

I now firmly believe that I am ready to return to study with a refreshed outlook and new maturity, hoping to study at one of the country's top universities where I will be able to learn, develop and debate and profit massively from the entire experience.